Hey, and with Ana Rosa you will have memories, I've
been searching a little and I see that
always, let's see if I can put it on the
screen, I see that she always, still,
every time she remembers you, she remembers you
with great affection, no, I mean, you have and
maintain a relationship with her. Still, yes,
I connect, let's see, that's where I've loved
Alex, you are a love, always so generous, we
continue to miss you. Yes, you know that
was when I. Let's see, I don't know when it
was, the truth is, it doesn't have a date, I'm not
expensive or I continue. From a distance, I think that, let's
see, it's true, like they
made several memories for you, several
memories when you connected with them.
Look, here you are on Suelta la sopa, you
think that as a correspondent I connect,
home, that was the day that, crying, saying
goodbye to me in La Rosa, my goodness. Now I've
been here for two years, this was in
2017, it's been a while,
eh. Imagine how chubby he
was there. My God, yes, kid.
Yes, that was, that was in 2017, well,
almost every day I connect with Ana
Rosa, you know, then obviously we are
very close every day and in fact, I don't know if  Do
you remember a super nice moment a
few months ago when she came back from
being home because of the cancer she
suffered from, they told me that she was
returning to television and just
last year I had the enormous luck of
being nominated for an Emmy Award for best
talent in the United States and I had the
enormous luck of being put on
all the screens at Tama Square
they called me to go there to take my picture
and the whole story Well, when she
came back in September I think it was
on television at Telecinco after
suffering from cancer I spoke to the people at
Time Square and this is going to go on for a
week and I managed to put Ana Rosa's image
all over Time Square And
that's on Google because it went super
viral in all the newspapers, they will tell you if you
put it there and I got them to
put her photo on all the screens at
Sam Square and to put
welcome Ana Rosa underneath and that was something super
viral and I also got them to
do me a favor because it's very, I mean,
going out in luck it could be millions of
dollars look there she is
look at
Ana Rosa's face she stays  speechless Receives a
tribute in Time Square for the fight
against breast cancer Ah how beautiful I did
n't know this you it's that there are things that I have to
escape because there
are so many So you have a great
memory not of working with her and so on
no yes I It's that
look it was I worked I entered as a child to
the editorial office of the program of the rose and
I remember well like maybe you don't that we
were I was in Tenerife I
had it on television and I saw her
as the biggest thing that was on in the
morning then and that they put me to
work there next to her and discover that she is
one because maybe she can have an
image that I don't know for each one
suddenly the television transmits an
image Ana Rosa but the truth is that
whoever knows her realizes
that she is the most normal girl in the world I
mean suddenly she has Maybe you can
think of the image of the greatest finesse in the
world and nevertheless she is a she is a woman
who
with all the people of the team makes
very good relationships and and she goes at
that time they would gather us in the field and she would
open the beer and with her hands and she would
drink it and  we share a
wonderful girl and And then she was
like my family back then It
's really like I was with them for
so many years so many years and I never never
never remember a bad attitude on
Ana Rosa's part she never lost her
temper she never got angry with us and and
maybe it would have been justified at times
but but quite the opposite
always when I went down to the studio with
her she always made very good
comments and she put us up as the best
for having gotten an exclusive
So she would give us our place she would give us
our name and I am very very very
very grateful to her No now she's going to
take over the afternoon Also Telecinco
that was another thing that surprised me a
lot and surprised you Well of course on
Thursday Thursday when I was with her
live when the day I'm telling you that she
was talking to her about Shakira and I
told her Well I was excited I want you to
know that Lana Rosa's show is ending
and that I'm going to miss you a lot
and that for me it was a great school and
that today I'm here thanks to you and she
said No no no no no no but please let
everyone know that I'm only going
downstairs I'm only changing  the
schedule but everything continues that the
morning is with Patricia pardo and with of course
with my colleagues and that the only thing I'm going to do
is a schedule change
how how what is going to take up almost the entire
day because in the mornings it continues I don't
understand of course Not her but her
program with another name Joaquín and
Patricia divide a program of
politics that is going to carry
help me it's like like they're going to
divide it instead of calling it Ana Rosa the
whole thing well a part that is going to be
politics the most serious news and then
the little
political salseito that is going to direct it
terribly then that program ends
another one starts with Patricia pardo and
Joaquín and then in the afternoon comes the afternoon
of the afternoon of Ana Rosa and how how how
the beja Ana Rosa in the afternoon occupying
me I man is that getting up early I was very
hard and she always she always
emphasized how hard it was to get up
at five in the morning because she was
a very sensible woman as we say here
of getting up read everything so well
maybe she's going to enjoy
this this new schedule much more but like
I tell you  I can come in to evaluate and
say it seems terrible that they
changed those kinds of things out of respect you will
surely continue connecting no
yes no but I say to evaluate that out of
respect that first because Because I
continue working for them because I
am very grateful to them and because in the end
new people have arrived at a channel
to implement
something will they be doing this no and And yes I will
continue with them already they already
told me to continue as a
correspondent I don't know at what time of
day but but well Before before
you go they are asking me
a lot in the chat about Nacho Polo and Víctor
Sandoval there well apparently there La
Movida was like even more than here no no
here here nobody knows who Víctor
Sandoval is nor Nacho Polo that was
really the the the I mean on television no
they lived here for eight
years and I believed that it was like there
like a topic like here the rice And that or in other words he
was like working there
No with you no no he was here for many years
living no they came just from that I
asked Víctor these days about that on
Friday No that that that story that was
made  famous in Spain but the truth is
that Nacho Polo and Victor were not
television personalities here I think
he did something but not even on the
big channels like Telemundo
Univision I think
they never really
lived here because they were a couple and and
all that they lived was really
shown on Spanish television in Spain
but here nothing to do but I was just
saying to Victor the other day I said Hey
how nice that you're back How
nice that you're back to Miami
and he basically told me what he told me I don't
know if I'm not going to It's okay to tell it
no but basically because I
say it because they tell it on reality but
basically he said I hate this city they were part
of my life this one says have you seen
Nacho Polo around here I say I swear I've been
living here for 8 years and I've never
seen him or once I think I saw him at an event I
say but then what does he do And how is it going
and no well my obsessed I have to
bring Victor Sandoval one day or I have to
bring him one day the other day he followed me
on Instagram maybe I had invited him
one day it was very it was very the truth is he is a
very funny guy  and he hinted to me: Well,
everything that he did to her, everything that
this guy did to her, I don't know if it's public or
not, but it seems that she was very shaken up, but
look, here people think,
come on, in fact, they wouldn't let me
leave without asking you.